Add some useful libraries (#2)
paritytech/awesome-ink: README.md

- [OpenBrush](https://openbrush.io/): OpenBrush is a library for smart contract development with ink!.
- [PSP-22](https://github.com/w3f/PSPs/blob/master/PSPs/psp-22.md): Fungible Token Standard for Substrate's `contracts` pallet.
- [py-substrate-interface](https://github.com/polkascan/py-substrate-interface/#ink-contract-interfacing): Library by Polkascan to interact with ink! contracts from Python.

> - [hashes](https://github.com/RustCrypto/hashes): Collection of cryptographic hash functions written in pure Rust. (Needs to enable `no_std`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [hashes](https://github.com/RustCrypto/hashes): Collection of cryptographic hash functions written in pure Rust. (`no_std` needs to be enabled).
```

> - [data-encoding](https://github.com/ia0/data-encoding): Efficient and customizable data-encoding functions in Rust. (Needs to enable `no_std`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [data-encoding](https://github.com/ia0/data-encoding): Efficient and customizable data-encoding functions in Rust. (`no_std` needs to be enabled).
```
